what's up guys it is a well shown yet
she and welcome back to the Manchester
Nettie creamer this is the start of
series six or season 6 ft 0 and we have
got a lot of offers coming in and stuff
a guy there was a lot of offers coming
in for Rooney a lot of talks with rooney
going out didn't actually set him after
the ayahs offer we add was around 23
million i did one around 26 so i thought
it's not concern him plays that we did
bring in we brought in Courtois that
means to hear has gone out we bought in
leighton baines nanny has also been sold
nanny wasn't at the scratch to me we do
have a link to which I do actually
prefer in position that we did in that
position anyway we also brought in Paul
Lanier with the team as you see there is
the offer they offered 30 million while
I sorry I gave them a counteroffer
floating many and they said that AC
Milan you're signing for courtois new
goalkeeper 21 higher rate didn't get to
hear and also shoot when we brought in
as well but i'm gonna show you the final
side as well in just a moment okay so i
didn't make sure now see in previous
episode that this side will be changed
it a lot I need figure out a foolish and
stuff like yeah the formation we
actually gone with is a 423 of one app
this formation never news this side do
user for free to of why do I get up wing
it so we are playing an arrow formation
did use is quite a lot before and it is
a good formation very very balanced
formation but anyway I didn't get rid of
the here a lot of you out Sharon Taylor
I feel your mommy get out of him but the
thing is it just was it wasn't doing it
for me and he just didn't seem to be at
the scratch and the thing is when you're
Manchester United you can't risk it
again so I can't risk you I need to get
someone else Phil Jones and 40 was
injured for the majority of last season
so we had brought them in hopefully will
develop quite a lot will play in the
right back position we can claim sent
back great great versatility in this
player we all know small in is a dead a
some of you may want a bit of random
Simon because no one suggested him the
thing is is that we was running low on
funds but we had a lot of wages so we
gone on the free agents of deadly was
actually a
free agent player we got on the free
agent and we brought their main things
I've been meet with Manchester native
heavily over the years anyway in real
life so we thought let's bring him in
but kind of a slight bit of realism as
well as like being the wood sign beans
without a doubt so I think prison we got
quite a strong side compared to last
year and we got young players as well a
separate beings which i think is you're
the oldest out of the three of the four
even at 28 but you still have good
players we know he's a good defender
like Buckner is an up-and-coming one
ever was a bit to be honest just passed
this peak in my opinion so we brought in
this guy is about Paulie any of this guy
is an absolute amazing amazing CDF using
several times on FIFA as you seem in
real life anyway he's brilliant but if
prefer ears absolute amazing brilliant
EDM works well with vendor as well so
I'll only sign him in a certain 11 now
that we've brought in is Tiago this guy
was linked with us that we've been
planning to bring him in for a while
since January what since I joined and so
years come in and as well with the
wrestle align up we have got bender CDM
we got kagwe I just like keep end after
because I thought there's no point
getting rid of him and we got cargo
wheels got Rooney we playing on my life
down side of the center mid position now
and also got van Persie up right a lot
of people say bringing a few more peace
we did try bringing levendusky but
unfortunately levendusky would enjoying
what they wanted around 19 million
frames so it was just unfortunate we
couldn't buy that girl's got but now we
got Evans as well hey we got young you
got Fletcher and also a new sign as well
we got shoot man this guy is brought in
for deck you play see the aiming place
enemy so we can keep swap them around so
another fact we got a lot of games now
with the other League so we have to
bring them in so well better as well
Hernandez we got a lot of depth aside we
can change players around we could also
cause aha we are looking to keep them in
the team however a doubt because I want
to use him and plus if you do end up
changing formations or playing cup games
he will play tom till you want to loan
him out you lot of debt to outside mekia
we're looking the loan out baybay we
look
Henry K we look the line out this guy
looks like you met a beast on 19 years
old cleverly Valencia is super late teen
young if we bring one with your change
formation and also nandez we can chew
information completely so a lot of depth
in the side and seek eric powell and
also little advice a little mention we
are keeping just let you all know
emmanuel vidic just because people
saying that you get a region after we
tires and plus we needed debt on the
position so it's not worth actually
sending we also got Rafael there as well
so just finish this episode guys we can
have a little squad report and then on
maybe sat your sunday will have gameplay
of course and stuff like that we won't
just have a press conference we live
gameplay as well so just lay one another
as you're not sure if I'm going to be
doing a press constant Sunday when we
use the squad report just start the
season the other ball rolling and a few
players actually improving preseason our
first game of the season actually just
lay all know a little update is actually
Chelsea so it's gonna be kind of how
well we gonna do against a big team
straight off the bat baby guys 1c thanks
for watching the scale is to 200 likes
and I was a failure my shoe support and
see you guys at next time all right